.start
{PATIENT.FIRSTNAME} is a {PATIENT_AGE()} year old {If PATIENT.SEX == "M" , "male", if PATIENT.SEX == "F", "female", if PATIENT.SEX == "", "undetermined individual" } here for

.avsanti
Once you start taking the antibiotic, complete the entire course of antibiotics as instructed.

.avsbrat
You are recommended to start a BRAT diet: bananas, rice, applesauce, and/or toast.

.avsend
Don't hesitate to contact me if you any questions or if your symptoms do not improve.

.avsfluids
Make sure you drink plenty of fluids (at least 64 ounces per day) and rest.

.avsheat
You can use heat for 10-15 minutes up to 3-5 times a day.

.avsheat1
After 2-3 days, you can start use heat for 10-15 minutes up to 3-5 times a day.

.avsibu600
You can take Ibuprofen 600 mg every 6 hours as needed for pain.

.avsibu800
You can take Ibuprofen 800 mg every 8 hours as needed for pain.

.avsice
You can use ice for 10-15 minutes up to 3-5 times a day.

.avsiceheat
You can use ice alternating with heat for 10-15 minutes up to 3-5 times a day.

.avsinfect
If any increase in redness, pain, discharge, or swelling, let us know right away.

.avslab
I will contact you with your lab results as soon as they become available.

.avsneti
You can use a neti pot (fill with warm tap water mixed with 1/4 teaspoon of non-iodized salt) once daily.

.avsprobiotic
You can take a probiotic (Culturelle, which is over-the-counter) at least once daily.

.avstylenol
You use Tylenol 1000 mg every 6 hours as needed for pain or fever.

.bill
{NEWORDER("GreenField Fee Ticket")}

.nextappt
{APPT_NEXT()}

.hx
history

.orad
{NEWORDER("Xray - most common")}

.objrad
Awaiting radiology interpretation.

.plancryo
PARQ held for liquid nitrogen treatment. Discussed alternatives. 3 freeze-thaw cycles done for 30 sec freeze each. Wound care reviewed. Tolerated well. No complications.

.planhip
PARQ held for a trochanteric bursa injection.  Informed consent obtained.  Hip prepped in sterile fashion.  Ethyl chloride spray used for skin anesthesia.  5 mL of 1% lidocaine and 40 mg of Kenalog in one syringe injected without difficulty into the trochanteric bursa.  Bandage placed.  Discussed aftercare instructions.  Patient to report any complications. 

.planlac
PARQ held for laceration repair.  Local anesthesia performed with 2% Lidocaine with epinephrine.  Wound cleansed, debrided of visible foreign material and necrotic tissue, and sutured with 5-0 Nylon.  antibiotic ointment and dressing applied.  Wound care instructions provided.  Observe for any signs of infection or other problems.  Return for suture removal in 7 days.

.plannail
PARQ held for partial nail avulsion. Informed consent obtained. Digital block performed with approximately 5 cc 1% lidocaine with epi. Betadine prep. Nail separator used under lateral 1/3 of toenail to separate nail from bed. Nail clippers used to divide nail longitudinally. Hemostat used to grasp and remove nail. No complications. Antibiotic ointment and bandage applied. Wound care discussed. Followup as needed.

.planshoulder
PARQ held for a subacromial bursa injection.  Informed consent obtained.  Shoulder prepped in sterile fashion.  Ethyl chloride spray used for skin anesthesia.  5 mL of 1% lidocaine and 40 mg of Kenalog in one syringe injected without difficulty into the subacromial bursa.  Bandage placed.  Discussed aftercare instructions.  Patient to report any complications.


